[RHACS] ROX15032 documentation for ACS Analytics overview (Telemetry) (#57715)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/disabling-telemetry.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telemetry/opting-out-of-telemetry.adoc
:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="disabling-telemetry_{context}"]

= Disabling Telemetry

> You can disable Telemetry data collection through the {rh-rhacs-first} user interface (UI).

Reviewer: The option will only be available if telemetry is configured (the key is set in the environment). Otherwise, the section is hidden.

Author: ```suggestion
You can disable Telemetry data collection from the {rh-rhacs-first} user interface (UI). The option to disable Telemetry is only available if Telemetry is configured.
```

Author: @0x656b694d Are we good with the suggested content above?

Author: @kcarmichael08 WDYT?

Reviewer: Looks good!
Not sure "to disable Telemetry" is needed after "The option". I also hope that it's fine to not explain how to configure telemetry.

Author: @0x656b694d I have edited the suggestion. btw, what environment are we referring to over here?
